one
friends from youtube
here with a new video tutorial on
the gta san andreas in this case I'm going to
teach
put a new house on wall street to
cj well let's go to the first link
that leaves them the description of the video
to download the axis img editor
is uploaded by me to force
and once you have downloaded it
we will have this weird file where
have saved it we give it right click
and extract here
tell us this folder
this folder
we cut it right click
cut
we open the windows explorer
we are leaving now my documents
and here we hit
there is the folder
and good
what we are going to do is open it
and here is the de la lis img editor 1.5
what we do is
A) Yes
and buy
and now we close this
and we go to the second link that is for
download the house is uploaded by me to
force
once
have downloaded it
I will leave you this winrar file that
we click right extract here
will leave us in the folder well
we open it and before doing everything
read this
look
let's make a backup of
our folders
data
and models of our gta san andreas
I do not do that security thing because
I have
2 gta
and apart from that I have no problem
install this
I recommend that you make a copy of you
in case you get an error that does not
you can install it well
and once they have made the copy of
security let's proceed with this well
what we do we open the data folder
we select these two files of the
right and we copy them
now we 're going
to the only thing being our eternal
and here is
we open the folder of our people of
San Andreas
and paste here
check this box
and we give it to take and replace
we check this box again and we
we give in you
now we go to the download folder
Y
we go
open the boost and m editor
We go here and we did arrive row
let's see
opel
and here we go to the folder of our
object of san andreas
we open the folder in models
and we opened
this file gta a low int
and here we give you a cookie that
work
and we go
where is the folder extracted from the
new house of cj
and we opened the folder 7a
point and we select all the files
and we give in April
and here we go where is this discreet
we go again in says miller
opel
and now we select the gta 3 file
we give it on the date that is below
and we 're going to give the folder where it was
extracted
the new house of cj
we open the folder that teatres point and m
we select all the files and we
we open
we give our skate
to save the changes
and we close our analysis and emerge
editor
and also friends, this is everything
remember to comment
subscribe and like the video
I do not tell you what
the way of the house I believe it
for this motorcycles
so they do not say that I steal it and lazio
Nothing good
while this was all we see in the
next video tutorial I leave you with
some images of the new house and up
the next video tutorial